Israeli forces have launched a new
offensive in jabalia in Northern Gaza
after leveling it during an earlier
assault attacks on homes and shelters
for displaced families have killed
several people the Israeli armies issued
evacuation orders for zabala and bab
saying the area is a dangerous combat
zone and its operation is to prevent
Hamas fighters from regrouping but
displaced people have nowhere to go FIA
car begins our coverage
in jabalia refugee camp in Northern Gaza
Israeli drones open fire on people's
homes paramedics help survivors with
whatever equipment they can find the
Israeli Army had already leveled the
area during its ground assault which
began in October people here have little
hope to cling
to we were bombed rocks and shells fell
on us may God help us and have mercy let
the world stand with us the only thing I
ask of them only God is standing with us
God is the only one with us I've lost
three
children four months after it declared
the end of Hamas in Northern Gaza Israel
says it's fighting
again in Northern Gaza fighter jets have
been striking terrorist Targets this
morning we began a temporary evacuation
process of the jabal area from this area
towards the center of the strip as part
of our preparation for a military
operation in the area in recent weeks we
have identified attempts by Hamas to
restore its military capabilities in
jabalia and we are working to dismantle
these
attempts attacks which the Army says are
targeting Palestinian Fighters have
already killed several children in B
laia Israeli forces have pushed the
people of Northern Gaza to the rink of
starvation by blocking Aid to the region
now it's issuing more evacuation orders
but it's not clear where families are
meant to go and with Israel launching
attacks on Rafa in the South and darl
Bala in the center of the strip
Palestinians are unlikely to have much
faith in the so-called safe zones Freddy
AAR Al
jazer Al jaz's M K spoke to some of the
survivors of those attacks in Northern
Gaza the isra forces a residential house
in be and this is one of the isi
targets he's about 15 years old
maybe what's really shocking is there's
about 11 bar still under the rubble so
far we're shocked we do not know what to
do we're physically and mentally worn
out we're on the verge of going insane
we've been under this hell for eight
months enough is enough look at this
garbage and debris we're dying just to
get our hands on some water or something
to feed our children this is not life we
struggle to get firewood and feed our
Starving Children and above all the
Israelis have been hitting us with
missiles and bombs for months what adds
insult to injury is the recent warning
for God's sake where do we go even Rafa
is coming under attack this is not life
enough is
enough we woke up in the middle of the
night to a loud explosion the whole
building was leveled we've been pulling
the dead from under the rubble since
then this is a totally residential sixf
floor building with no presence of any
resistance Fighters nothing but women
and children more than 40 women and
children were killed all innocent
defenseless C Ian we pulled all these
dead children as they were holding each
other's hands more children are still
buried under the debris all I can say is
that may God punish those committing
these crimes against innocent children
I'm going to bring in our correspondent
Talala in central Gaza um M alut there
talking to us about the attacks that
have been happening in Bia but also
attacks happening in jabalia as well
what more do we know about the jabalia
attack t
yes what is happening right now Rob is
that the military has set a certain and
strong plan related to the closure of
borders and exerting more pressure on
the Palestinian armed groups armed
groups in order to get more political
gains from their operations on the
ground regarding the negotiations they
have control the borders preventing any
Aid to get into their territory and at
the same time starting to launch wide
incursion for for three parts for two
parts of this stripe in Rafa and also in
the North in jabalia refugee camp in the
past uh couple of hours more
intensification of military raids from
Israeli vited Jets continue to strike
the uh residential buildings and
evacuation centers where it complet
where that completely host thousands of
Palestinians we are talking about
700,000 Palestinians are still in the
northern corner of this trip and who are
till now did not receive any kind of aid
for the fifth day now the Israeli
military says that they are operating
again in the North in order to chase the
uh Palestinians armed troops armed
groups who are right now working on
reorganizing their troops on the ground
there according to the Israeli claims
but yet casualties among civilians in
that area is are escalating specifically
that the vast majority of people there
have nowhere else to go despite the
Israeli previous announcement that they
managed to militarily control the
Norther portion of the city now we're
are talking about 16 Palestinians are
trapped in a house being targeted as
they have been calling for invest
calling for an rescue from the emergency
workers but as we have been hearing from
eyewitnesses in jabalia refugee camp
they are talking about unprecedented
scale of attacks being launched by the
Israeli infantry units and by the
fighter jets journalist as well as they
were reporting in jabal and Bia they
have come under the Israeli fire and
that's absolutely disturbing they have
been saying that the strikes and the
attacks are unprecedented since the
outbreak of the conflict since October
the 7th so clearly what is happening is
more pressure being exerted on the
Palestinians as attacks from the north
to the South are still ongoing till now
and D meanwhile of course we've been
talking about um thousands of people
making their way from Rafa to where you
are in in um der Bala in central Gaza
what's the latest situation where you
are
yes um more evacuation waves are leaving
from Rafa to darl balah to alasi area
families are desperately searching for a
shelter for the family members some of
them have been uh setting up their
makeshift tents without any proper
hygiene facilities without even proper
food and water sources and those people
have been mainly depending on receiving
aid from the uh un distribution centers
in Raa we have been mentioning earlier
pre the invasion of RA that any
potential military incursion will be a
blow of all humanitarian relief
operations on the ground and that's
practically what is happening now there
is a big expansion of the fighting
people are fleeing they are no longer
receiving aid from the UN but medically
right now the situation is getting much
more dire light of the deep shortage of
fuel now Al AA hospital yesterday has
received only 8,000 lers can that could
be only enough for two days of work the
later the hospital will run out of
service and that certainly will put the
lives of hundreds of Palestinian
patients on the edge of RK and this is
one of the main repercussions of the
invasion of r that there's going to be
more growing medical pressure on this
sole medical facility that is
responsible for providing medical
treatment for hundreds of thousands of
Palestinians as darl bah is the most
densely populated area in the strip that
is no longer even can be safe in light
of the ongoing attacks on darl Bella and
the entire middle area T Dar T thank you
very much
indeed make sure to subscribe to our
channel to get the latest news from Al
jazer